# BVI / SPV Risk Disclosure Statement

## Risk Disclosure Statement

You hereby acknowledge and agree that your access to and utilization of our Services including, but not limited to, the EcoYield Wallet, trading platform, token delegation tools, and any other associated software, APIs, or digital assets is entirely your own responsibility, undertaken at your own risk. Prior to utilizing our Services, you should, at your own discretion, assess your financial and circumstantial situation and evaluate whether the use of our Services is suitable for you. You must be aware of the potential for complete and irreversible loss of your financial assets and recognize that recovering from such a loss may prove to be challenging or even impossible.

You hereby affirm and acknowledge that the risk involved in transacting, exchanging, and trading cryptocurrencies, tokens (including the native Token, namely, $EYE Token) is significant, and you may incur losses within a short span of time. The liquidity profile of cryptocurrencies is subject to constant and unpredictable fluctuations, which may be substantial, and transactions involving cryptocurrencies may be irreversible, potentially resulting in significant or complete losses in cases of fraudulent or accidental transactions, with recovery being difficult or impossible. In addition, cryptocurrency markets may cease to exist due to the unwillingness of participants to use or exchange a particular cryptocurrency, resulting in irreversible loss of your funds contributed to that specific cryptocurrency. Note that the aforementioned risk factors are not exhaustive and may vary depending on changes in legislation, your financial status, and other factors related to the use of cryptocurrencies, including by means of engaging with our Services.

Hereby you acknowledge and agree that the value of cryptocurrencies is subject to market fluctuations and may be influenced by various factors, including but not limited to market demand, technological advancements, regulatory developments, and macroeconomic and geopolitical trends. You understand that there is no guarantee of any particular value or return on your contribution in any cryptocurrency. There is also no guarantee fund established or other arrangement in place to cover or compensate you for any pecuniary loss suffered by you as a result of any defaults or any users of the Services.

You acknowledge that our Services do not include any licensed activities such as, but not limited to, tax advice, financial advice and legal advice. For security and risk mitigation purposes, we recommend that you contact qualified professionals and consult with experts in the aforementioned fields to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to you. You acknowledge that the responsibility for seeking independent professional advice ensuring your full understanding of these Terms or/and compliance with regulatory requirements remains under your sole control.

You acknowledge that the liquidity profile of cryptocurrencies including the Token) is subject to constant and unpredictable fluctuations, which may be substantial, and transactions involving cryptocurrencies may be irreversible, potentially resulting in significant or complete losses in cases of fraudulent or accidental transactions, with recovery being difficult or impossible.  You understand that the value of cryptocurrencies may experience significant volatility, namely, the risks associated with price volatility and the potential impact on the ability to sell or transfer any given cryptocurrency at desired prices.

You further understand that the use, value, availability, and exchange of cryptocurrencies are contingent upon the prevailing laws and regulations, which may change due to legislative amendments, introductions, or repeals. As such, you recognize that the regulatory environment for blockchain technology, and decentralized networks is constantly evolving. Changes in regulatory requirements or interpretations may have a significant impact on the legal status of the Services, transferability and value of any cryptocurrency, as well as the overall state of provision of our Services, for which we assume no liability. Note that the aforementioned risk factors are not exhaustive and may vary depending on changes in legislation, your financial status, and other factors related to the use of cryptocurrencies, including by means of engaging with our Services.

You recognize that the successful development and completion of our Services and the realization of its intended functionalities, are subject to various factors, including technical challenges, regulatory changes, and the effectiveness of the development team. You understand that any of the foregoing aspects of our Services may not be completed or may not function as intended.

You acknowledge that the stability of the Services may be influenced by factors beyond our control, including but not limited to hacking attempts, distributed denial-of-service attacks, and other security breaches. The contingency of the provision of the Services to you is subject to a range of external variables, and there is no assurance that the Services will be provided uninterruptedly and without error.

You acknowledge that the underlying technology of the Services and the Network may be subject to flaws, bugs, or disruptions and understand the risks associated with technological flaws and implications.

You acknowledge and agree that maintaining access to the Wallet that provides access to our Services is critical to your use of our Services.

You recognize the inherent risks associated with blockchain and smart contract technologies, including the risk of bugs, flaws, or vulnerabilities that may be exploited by malicious actors. You understand that the security of the Services is contingent upon the effective implementation of security measures. You further acknowledge and agree that the security of your login details and associated credentials, including but not limited to passwords, private and public keys, identifiers, passphrases, backup data, and other pertinent data, including those attributable to third-party apps and service providers is entirely your individual responsibility. You are obligated to maintain control over your security details to preclude unauthorized access, unauthorized use, loss, modification, alteration, theft, or breach of your security data. By agreeing to these Terms, you acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of your responsibilities for maintaining the security of your credentials and data.

You understand and acknowledge that the commercial success of the Services and any and all products and services connected to them is uncertain. We make no representations or warranties regarding the success of the Services or their adoption and utilization.
