# EcoYield – Investor FAQ

## General & How It Works

- Q: What is the difference between LP tokens and $EYE tokens?

A: LP tokens represent a share of a specific project’s revenues (GPU
leasing + renewable energy). $EYE is the governance and utility token,
used for staking, APY boosts, and DAO participation.

- Q: How do I invest in EcoYield?

A: Investors can join via the presale or by depositing stablecoins
(e.g., USDC) into project vaults once live.

- Q: When do I start earning yield?

A: Yield begins once the underlying project is deployed and generating
revenue. Presale investors receive LP tokens proportionate to their
contribution once pilot projects go live.

- Q: What happens if a project underperforms?

A: Investor yield adjusts accordingly; revenues are shared pro-rata.
Mitigation includes PPAs, diversified GPU leasing, and insurance where
possible.

- Q: Is my investment secured or collateralised?

A: Yes; projects are structured through SPVs. Assets (GPUs, solar,
batteries) sit in those SPVs, ring-fenced from EcoYield’s parent entity.

- Q: What’s the exit path without a TGE?

A: Investors can still exit through LP token redemption at maturity or
via secondary LP markets (planned in future phases).

- Q: How transparent is the project reporting?

A: All project cashflows and yields are reported on-chain via audited
smart contracts, supported by oracle feeds.

- Q: What are the expected yields (APY), and are they fixed or variable?

A: Target yields are 25–35% APY, depending on project IRR and demand.
They are variable but asset-backed and transparent.

## Legal & Ownership

- Q: Who legally owns the energy and GPU assets once built?

A: Each project is owned by a dedicated SPV (Special Purpose Vehicle),
managed by EcoYield but ring-fenced to protect investor interests.

- Q: Do token-holders have enforceable legal rights to the underlying assets?

A: No; token holders do not own the hardware directly. Their rights are
tied to revenue flows secured via smart contracts.

- Q: What happens if EcoYield defaults?

A: SPVs remain operational. Vault token rights to revenue streams
continue even if the parent company faces difficulties.

- Q: How are external investor contributions recorded on the balance sheet?

A: As project financing obligations of the SPV; not debt or equity of
EcoYield Ltd.

- Q: Are vault tokens classed as securities?

A: In some jurisdictions, yes. That’s why EcoYield uses global KYC/AML
partners and a compliant structure (Panama foundation, UAE HQ, BVI
SPVs).

- Q: What contractual agreements bind project revenue to token payouts?

A: Audited smart contracts enforce payouts. For larger projects,
off-chain agreements exist between SPVs and the EcoYield Foundation.

## Token & Structure

- Q: Who is the legal issuer of the $EYE and vault tokens?

A: $EYE is issued by the EcoYield Foundation (Panama/BVI). Vault tokens
are issued by individual SPVs tied to projects.

- Q: What is the investment case for $EYE?

A: $EYE provides governance rights, yield boosts via staking, priority
access to new vaults, and upside from buybacks driven by protocol fees.

- Q: How do you ensure payouts cannot be unilaterally changed?

A: Vault smart contracts are non-custodial. Any change to yield
mechanics requires DAO approval.

- Q: Will presale investors receive LP tokens once pilot projects go live?

A: Yes; presale investors are first in line for LP allocations
proportional to their early contribution.

- Q: What happens to my $EYE if I sell my LP tokens (or vice versa)?

A: They function independently: LP tokens entitle you to yield, while
$EYE boosts APY and provides governance. You can hold one, both, or
neither.

## Financial & Risk

- Q: What percentage of project revenue is retained by EcoYield as fees?

A: EcoYield takes a 2.5% structuring fee on funds raised, plus a 10–20%
performance skim on project revenues.

- Q: Is there a repayment obligation like a loan?

A: No; this is a revenue-share model, not debt. Yield continues as long
as the project produces revenue.

- Q: How does EcoYield manage risks?

A: Counterparty risk → diversified leasing. Energy risk → PPAs +
redundancy. Platform risk → SPV ring-fencing + insurance.

- Q: What happens if GPU prices crash or AI demand slows down?

A: Yields would compress, but diversification across energy sales and
multiple geographies helps mitigate this.

- Q: How do carbon credits fit into the revenue model?

A: Projects generate verified carbon credits, which can be monetised,
creating an additional ESG-aligned revenue stream.

## Governance & Control

- Q: Does holding $EYE give real governance power or is it symbolic?

A: Real power. $EYE holders vote on vault approvals, treasury
allocation, protocol upgrades, and partnerships.

- Q: What decisions can the DAO vote on?

A: Examples: onboarding new projects, treasury buybacks vs.
reinvestment, carbon credit integration, ecosystem deals.

- Q: How is voting power weighted between large and small holders?

A: Voting is proportional to staked $EYE, with caps and safeguards
(e.g., quorum thresholds) to prevent whale domination.

- Q: What safeguards exist against bad governance or manipulation?

A: Multisig fallback, veto rights, cooldown periods, and insurance
vaults reduce systemic risk.

## Growth & Long-Term

- Q: What is the long-term roadmap for scaling EcoYield?

A: Presale → TGE → Leeds pilot → Dubai flagship → global expansion (UK,
EU, GCC) → DAO treasury governance → $1bn+ AUM by 2030.

- Q: How do you plan to reach $1bn+ AUM by 2030?

A: By scaling modular GPU + renewable projects globally, compounding
TVL, and integrating institutional capital.

- Q: How will secondary markets for LP tokens work?

A: Future phases will support peer-to-peer LP trading, enabling early
exits while maintaining on-chain transparency.

- Q: Can EcoYield be acquired or IPO in the future?

A: Yes; EcoYield could evolve into a publicly listed or acquired
infrastructure platform, while the DAO continues managing decentralised
vaults.

**GPU Lifecycle & Maintenance FAQs**

**What happens if a GPU fails?**

EcoYield procures enterprise-grade GPUs (e.g., NVIDIA H100s) with
manufacturer warranties and service agreements. Replacement or repair is
factored into the OPEX of each project SPV.

**Are GPU warranties included in the financial model?**

Yes. Warranties, replacements, and expected upgrade cycles are accounted
for in our feasibility and IRR models. This ensures projected yields
reflect realistic maintenance and hardware costs.

**How long is the expected useful life of a GPU?**

GPUs typically deliver peak performance for 3–5 years before efficiency
begins to degrade relative to newer models. Our model assumes mid-life
upgrades and planned replacements to maintain competitive leasing
revenue.

**Will EcoYield upgrade hardware as technology improves?**

Yes. Part of project revenue is earmarked for reinvestment into upgraded
GPUs. This ensures long-term competitiveness and sustained demand from
AI clients.

**Does GPU obsolescence pose a risk?**

As with any technology, obsolescence is a factor. EcoYield mitigates
this by:

- Leasing into both enterprise contracts and decentralised marketplaces (balancing demand sources).

- Maintaining upgrade cycles in the financial model.

- Diversifying project revenue with renewable energy sales, which remain stable regardless of GPU lifecycle.

**Are spare GPUs or redundancy built into operations?**

Yes. Each deployment includes spare capacity and service agreements with
suppliers to minimise downtime and ensure continuous revenue flow.
