# Terminology; Glossary of Key Terms

EcoYield bridges the worlds of renewable infrastructure and
decentralised finance. To make our model accessible, here is a clear
glossary of terms you’ll see throughout this Gitbook.

## TVL (Total Value Locked)

The total amount of capital (e.g., stablecoins) deposited into
EcoYield’s vaults. Higher TVL = stronger protocol scale and credibility.

## LP Tokens (Liquidity Provider Tokens)

Digital tokens investors receive when depositing into EcoYield vaults.
LP tokens represent ownership of real-world infrastructure projects (GPU
farms + renewable energy). They entitle holders to proportional yield
flows.

## APY (Annual Percentage Yield)

The projected annual return for investors, factoring in compounding.
EcoYield targets 25–35% APY depending on project IRRs and demand.

## RWA (Real-World Assets)

Physical, tangible assets that are tokenised on-chain. For EcoYield:
solar farms, batteries, and GPU data centres. Unlike speculative tokens,
RWAs anchor yield to infrastructure.

## DePIN (Decentralised Physical Infrastructure Networks)

A Web3 model where communities fund, build, and share ownership of
physical infrastructure (compute, energy, telecoms). EcoYield is a DePIN
project for AI compute + renewables.

## TGE (Token Generation Event)

The formal launch of EcoYield’s $EYE token, when allocations are
unlocked and become transferable. TGE ensures liquidity and confidence
but is only one part of EcoYield’s growth plan.

## PPA (Power Purchase Agreement)

A long-term energy contract where buyers (utilities or corporates) agree
to purchase renewable energy at a fixed rate. EcoYield’s solar + battery
systems use PPAs to lock in predictable revenues.

## DAO (Decentralised Autonomous Organisation)

A community-led governance system where $EYE holders vote on protocol
decisions such as new project vaults, treasury allocation, and ecosystem
partnerships.

## IRR (Internal Rate of Return)

A financial metric used to measure the profitability of EcoYield’s
projects (e.g., Leeds IRR = 35.29%, Dubai IRR = 43.40%).

## KYC/AML (Know Your Customer / Anti-Money Laundering)

Regulatory checks that verify investor identities and prevent misuse of
funds. EcoYield uses tiered, lightweight KYC to stay compliant while
reducing friction for global investors.

## Buyback

When the EcoYield treasury uses protocol fees to purchase $EYE tokens
from the market, supporting token value and rewarding stakers.

✨ Why This Matters: By making terms simple and transparent, EcoYield
empowers both seasoned crypto investors and newcomers to understand how
real-world yield is generated.
